# Operating-Platfoms-230
Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design? The client was the Gaming Room, they wanted us to build a cross platform game based of the classic TV game show Win, Lose or Draw. 
What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation? I researched each of the topics and categories, I also completed the entire document when the first project was due, using the knowledge I had learned to the point. Then with each additional assigmnet I updated the documnet with new knowledge and the addition research. 
What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code? I gave me a better understanding of what was needed and how we should work to meet those needs
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it? I would do more research on the serverless(cloud-based) methods, I am not too fimiliar with it yet. 
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing? I listened to their needs and try provide information for them to make an informed diccision, I also tried to be unbiased and not lean to what I am comfortable with. It is important to consider their needs in order to provide a product that they will be happy with. 
How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application? I tried to use techniques we learned about and techniques from other sources, such as other classes and work experiance. Primarally, review the customers wants, provide a non biased recomendation, and then work with the customer through out the process. 
